First round of updates to technical documentation (#51)
NCAR/ccpp-doc: CCPPtechnical/source/CCPPPreBuild.rst

   ./ccpp/framework/scripts/ccpp_prebuild.py \
     --config=./ccpp/config/ccpp_prebuild_config.py \
     --suites=FV3_GFS_v15p2 \
     --verbose

> which uses a configuration script located at the specified path. The verbose option can be used for more verbose output from the script.

Reviewer: @ligiabernardet I am making this change in my next PR so that I can merge this PR now.

     --config=./ccpp/config/ccpp_prebuild_config.py \
     --suites=FV3_GFS_v15p2,FV3_GFS_v16beta

> The ``--debug`` command-line argument enables additional checks on array sizes before building the software caps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``--debug`` command-line argument enables additional checks on array sizes inside the auto-generated software caps, prior to entering any of the schemes.
```
